2008年6月21日大学英语四级考试(CETC4)A卷
全真试题(2008年6月21日)
Part I	Writing	(30 minutes)
注意：此部分试题在答题卡1上。
Directions:	For this part, you are allowed thirty minutes to write a short essay entitled Recreational Activities. You should write at least 120 words according to the outline given below in Chinese:
1. 娱乐活动多种多样，
2. 娱乐可能使人们受益，也可能有危害性，
3. 作为大学生，我的看法。
Recreational Activities
亲爱的站长您好：夜很深了，已凌晨2点40分了，这么晚给您写信，是想跟您聊一下尊重劳动尊重版权的问题。本四六级大全，出第一版之时，我们是以WORD文档发布的，这主要是考虑到您引用方便，网友使用也方便。可是令我们感到沮丧的是，少数网站站长，对别人的劳动似乎不够尊重，把我们WORD文档的页眉页脚，以及文档的使用说明，清除得干干净净；还有的站长，技术水平更高一些，更勤劳一些，把我们的WORD文档转为PDF文档，并且，还给PDF文档加上密，去掉我们的标识及使用说明仍不甘罢休，还英明地加上了自己网站的标识；还有的制作CHM文档的技术水平比较高，给做成了这个格式的文档。如此种种情况，实在让您受累了啊！所以，这次文档发布，只好用PDF格式发布文档了。这下您改文件的特长又可以发挥了啊，改文件的技术水平又可以长足提高了！六年前，本人制作的GMAT四部大全，在全世界流传至今，仍是原封不动的初始版本，可能世界其他国家的站长都不如我们伟大中国的站长水平高，考虑问题周全吧！为什么麦当劳在中国的餐巾纸是限量供应的，而在美国不限量？我想我们自己所处的环境，至少部分是我们自己创造的。您难道要执意为自己创造一个找不到好资源的环境么？难道执意要逼我用图片格式发布下一个版本么？难道我近千小时的辛苦劳动及直接从口袋里拿出的近万元现金投入换不来您慷慨地原样转载么？您难道不知道，篡改别人的作品，是一种什么行为么？不知道这种行为对您网站的形象是一种严重的伤害么？很多热心的网友来向我反映，某某网站篡改你的作品了，这种行为实在无耻，你去找他吧！这些我都没好意思跟您汇报。当然，大部分站长或版主对版权尊重做得很好！我们深表感谢！并向你们致以最崇高的敬意！大家学习网／大家网／大家论坛：阁明俊敬上
Part II	Reading Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning)	(15 minutes)
Directions:	In this part, you will have 15 minutes to go over the passage quickly and answer the questions on Answer Sheet 1. For questions 1C7, choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). For questions 8C10, complete the sentences with the information given in the passage.
Media Selection for Advertisements
　　After determining the target audience for a product or service, advertising agencies must select the appropriate media for the advertisement. We discuss here the major types of media used in advertising. We focus our attention on seven types of advertising: television, newspapers, radio, magazines, outCofChome, Internet, and direct mail.
Television
　　Television is an attractive medium for advertising because it delivers mass audiences to advertisers. When you consider that nearly three out of four Americans have seen the game show Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? you can understand the power of television to communicate with a large audience. When advertisers create a brand, for example, they want to impress consumers with the brand and its image. Television provides an ideal vehicle for this type of communication. But television is an expensive medium, and not all advertisers can afford to use it.
　　Television’s influence on advertising is fourfold. First, narrowcasting means that television channels are seen by an increasingly narrow segment of the audience. The Golf Channel, for instance, is watched by people who play golf. Home and Garden Television is seen by those interested in household improvement projects. Thus, audiences are smaller and more homogeneous (具有共同特点的) than they have been in the past. Second, there is an increase in the number of television channels available to viewers, and thus, advertisers. This has also resulted in an increase in the sheer number of advertisements to which audiences are exposed. Third, digital recording devices allow audience members more control over which commercials they watch. Fourth, control over programming is being passed from the networks to local cable operators and satellite programmers.
Newspaper
　　After television, the medium attracting the next largest annual ad revenue is newspapers. The New York Times, which reaches a national audience, accounts for $1 billion in ad revenue annually. It has increased its national circulation (发行量) by 40% and is now available for home delivery in 168 cities. Locally, newspapers are the largest advertising medium.
　　Newspapers are a less expensive advertising medium than television and provide a way for advertisers to communicate a longer, more detailed message to their audience than they can through television. Given new production techniques, advertisements can be printed in newspapers in about 48 hours, meaning newspapers are also a quick way of getting the message out. Newspapers are often the most important form of news for a local community, and they develop a high degree of loyalty from local readers.
Radio
　　Advertising on radio continues to grow. Radio is often used in conjunction with outdoor billboards (广告牌) and the Internet to reach even more customers than television. Advertisers are likely to use radio because it is a less expensive medium than television, which means advertisers can afford to repeat their ads often. Internet companies are also turning to radio advertising. Radio provides a way for advertisers to communicate with audience members at all times of the day. Consumers listen to radio on their way to school or work, at work, on the way home, and in the evening hours.
　　Two major changes―satellite and Internet radio―will force radio advertisers to adapt their methods. Both of these radio forms allow listeners to tune in stations that are more distant than the local stations they could receive in the past. As a result, radio will increasingly attract target audiences who live many miles apart.
Magazines
　　Newsweeklies, women’s titles, and business magazines have all seen increases in advertising because they attract the highCend market. Magazines are popular with advertisers because of the narrow market that they deliver. A broadcast medium such as network television attracts all types of audience members, but magazine audiences are more homogeneous. If you read Sports Illustrated, for example, you have much in common with the magazine’s other readers. Advertisers see magazines as an efficient way of reaching target audience members.
　　Advertisers using the print media―magazines and newspapers―will need to adapt to two main changes. First, the Internet will bring larger audiences to local newspapers. These audiences will be more diverse and geographically dispersed (分散) than in the past. Second, advertisers will have to understand how to use an increasing number of magazines for their target audiences. Although some magazines will maintain national audiences, a large number of magazines will entertain narrower audiences.
OutCofChome advertising
　　OutCofChome advertising, also called placeCbased advertising, has become an increasingly effective way of reaching consumers, who are more active than ever before. Many consumers today do not sit at home and watch television. Using billboards, newsstands, and bus shelters for advertising is an effective way of reaching these onCtheCgo consumers. More consumers travel longer distances to and from work, which also makes outCofChome advertising effective. Technology has changed the nature of the billboard business, making it a more effective medium than in the past. Using digital printing, billboard companies can print a billboard in 2 hours, compared with 6 days previously. This allows advertisers more variety in the types of messages they create because they can change their messages more quickly.
Internet
　　As consumers become more comfortable with online shopping, advertisers will seek to reach this market. As consumers get more of their news and information from the Internet, the ability of television and radio to get the word out to consumers will decrease. The challenge to Internet advertisers is to create ads that audience members remember.
　　Internet advertising will play a more prominent role in organizations’ advertising in the near future. Internet audiences tend to be quite homogeneous, but small. Advertisers will have to adjust their methods to reach these audiences and will have to adapt their persuasive strategies to the online medium as well.
Direct mail
　　A final advertising medium is direct mail, which uses mailings to consumers to communicate a client’s message. Direct mail includes newsletters, postcards and special promotions. Direct mail is an effective way to build relationships with consumers. For many businesses, direct mail is the most effective form of advertising.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡1上作答。
1.	Television is an attractive advertising medium in that 大?家?网.
A) it has large audiences
B) it appeals to housewives
C) it helps build up a company’s reputation
D) it is affordable to most advertisers
2.	With the increase in the number of TV channels, 大?家?网.
A) the cost of TV advertising has decreased
B) the number of TV viewers has increased
C) advertisers’ interest in other media has decreased
D) the number of TV ads people can see has increased
3.	Compared with television, newspapers as an advertising medium 大?家?网.
A) earn a larger annual ad revenue
B) convey more detailed messages
C) use more production techniques
D) get messages out more effectively
4.	Advertising on radio continues to grow because 大?家?网.
A) more local radio stations have been set up
B) modern technology makes it more entertaining
C) it provides easy access to consumers
D) it has been revolutionized by Internet radio
5.	Magazines are seen by advertisers as an efficient way to 大?家?网.
A) reach target audiences
B) appeal to educated people
C) attract diverse audiences
D) convey all kinds of messages
6.	OutCofChome advertising has become more effective because 大?家?网.
A) billboards can be replaced within two hours
B) consumers travel more now than ever before
C) such ads have been made much more attractive
D) the pace of urban life is much faster nowadays
7.	The challenge to Internet advertisers is to create ads that are 大?家?网.
A) quick to update
B) pleasant to look at
C) easy to remember
D) convenient to access
8.	Internet advertisers will have to adjust their methods to reach audiences that tend to be 大?家?网.
9.	Direct mail is an effective form of advertising for businesses to develop 大?家?网.
10.	This passage discusses how advertisers select 大?家?网 for advertisements.
Part III	Listening Comprehension	(35 minutes)
Section A
Directions:	In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and 2 long conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A), B), C) and D), and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
11.	A) Give his ankle a good rest.
B) Treat his injury immediately.
C) Continue his regular activities.
D) Be careful when climbing steps.
12.	A) On a train.
B) On a plane.
C) In a theater.
D) In a restaurant.
13.	A) A tragic accident.
B) A sad occasion.
C) Smith’s unusual life story.
D) Smith’s sleeping problem.
14.	A) Review the details of all her lessons.
B) Compare notes with his classmates.
C) Talk with her about his learning problems.
D) Focus on the main points of her lectures.
15.	A) The man blamed the woman for being careless.
B) The man misunderstood the woman’s apology.
C) The woman offered to pay for the man’s coffee.
D) The woman spilt coffee on the man’s jacket.
16.	A) Extremely tedious.
B) Hard to understand.
C) Lacking a good plot.
D) Not worth seeing twice.
17.	A) Attending every lecture.
B) Doing lots of homework.
C) Reading very extensively.
D) Using testCtaking strategies.
18.	A) The digital TV system will offer different programs.
B) He is eager to see what the new system is like.
C) He thinks it unrealistic to have 500 channels.
D) The new TV system may not provide anything better.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
19.	A) A notice by the electricity board.
B) Ads promoting electric appliances.
C) The description of a thief in disguise.
D) A new policy on pensioners’ welfare.
20.	A) Speaking with a proper accent.
B) Wearing an official uniform.
C) Making friends with them.
D) Showing them his ID.
21.	A) To be on the alert when being followed.
B) Not to leave senior citizens alone at home.
C) Not to let anyone in without an appointment.
D) To watch out for those from the electricity board.
22.	A) She was robbed near the parking lot.
B) All her money in the bank disappeared.
C) The pension she had just drawn was stolen.
D) She was knocked down in the post office.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
23.	A) Marketing consultancy.
B) Professional accountancy.
C) Luxury hotel management.
D) Business conference organization.
24.	A) Having a good knowledge of its customs.
B) Knowing some key people in tourism.
C) Having been to the country before.
D) Being able to speak Japanese.
25.	A) It will bring her potential into full play.
B) It will involve lots of train travel.
C) It will enable her to improve her Chinese.
D) It will give her more chances to visit Japan.
Section B
Directions:	In this section, you will hear 3 short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
Passage One
Questions 26 to 28 are based on the passage you have just heard.
26.	A) The lack of time.
B) The quality of life.
C) The frustrations at work.
D) The pressure on working families.
27.	A) They were just as busy as people of today.
B) They saw the importance of collective efforts.
C) They didn’t complain as much as modern man.
D) They lived a hard life by hunting and gathering.
28.	A) To look for creative ideas of awarding employees.
B) To explore strategies for lowering production costs.
C) To seek new approaches to dealing with complaints.
D) To find effective ways to give employees flexibility.
Passage Two
Questions 29 to 31 are based on the passage you have just heard.
29.	A) Family violence.
B) The Great Depression.
C) Her father’s disloyalty.
D) Her mother’s bad temper.
30.	A) His advanced age.
B) His children’s efforts.
C) His improved financial condition.
D) His second wife’s positive influence.
31.	A) Love is blind.
B) Love breeds love.
C) Divorce often has disastrous consequences.
D) Happiness is hard to find in blended families.
Passage Three
Questions 32 to 35 are based on the passage you have just heard.
32.	A) It was located in a park.
B) Its owner died of a heart attack.
C) It went bankrupt all of a sudden.
D) Its potted plants were for lease only.
33.	A) Planting some trees in the greenhouse.
B) Writing a want ad to a local newspaper.
C) Putting up a Going Out of Business sign.
D) Helping a customer select some purchases.
34.	A) Opening an office in the new office park.
B) Keeping better relations with her company.
C) Developing fresh business opportunities.
D) Building a big greenhouse of his own.
35.	A) Owning the greenhouse one day.
B) Securing a job at the office park.
C) Cultivating more potted plants.
D) Finding customers out of town.
Section C
Directions:	In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks numbered from 36 to 43 with the exact words you have just heard. For blanks numbered from 44 to 46 you are required to fill in the missing information. For these blanks, you can either use the exact words you have just heard or write down the main points in your own words. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　We’re now witnessing the emergence of an advanced economy based on information and knowledge. Physical (36) 大?家?网, raw materials, and capital are no longer the key (37) 大?家?网 in the creation of wealth. Now, the (38) 大?家?网 raw material in our economy is knowledge. Tomorrow’s wealth depends on the development and exchange of knowledge. And (39) 大?家?网 entering the workforce offer their knowledge, not their muscles. Knowledge workers get paid for their education and their ability to learn. Knowledge workers (40) 大?家?网 in mind work. They deal with symbols: words, (41) 大?家?网, and data.
　　What does all this mean for you? As a future knowledge worker, you can expect to be (42) 大?家?网, processing, as well as exchanging information. (43) 大?家?网, three out of four jobs involve some form of mind work, and that number will increase sharply in the future. Management and employees alike (44) 大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家.
　　In the new world of work, you can look forward to being in constant training (45) 大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家. You can also expect to be taking greater control of your career. Gone are the nineCtoCfive jobs, lifetime security, predictable promotions, and even the conventional workplace, as you are familiar with. (46) 大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家. And don’t wait for someone to “empower” you. You have to empower yourself.
Part IV	Reading Comprehension (Reading in Depth)	(25 minutes)
Section A
Directions:	In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Questions 47 to 56 are based on the following passage.
　　Some years ago I was offered a writing assignment that would require three months of travel through Europe. I had been abroad a couple of times, but I could hardly 