
2008年12月20日大学英语四级考试(CET-4)
全真试题(2008年12月20日)
Part I	Writing	(30 minutes)
注意：此部分试题在答题卡1上。
Directions:	For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on the topic of Limiting The Use of Disposable Plastic Bags. You should write at least 120 words following the outline given below:
1. 一次性塑料袋曾被广泛的使用
2. 造成的问题
3. 限制使用的意义
Limiting The Use of Disposable Plastic Bags
亲爱的站长您好：夜很深了，已凌晨2点40分了，这么晚给您写信，是想跟您聊一下尊重劳动尊重版权的问题。本四六级大全，出第一版之时，我们是以WORD文档发布的，这主要是考虑到您引用方便，网友使用也方便。可是令我们感到沮丧的是，少数网站站长，对别人的劳动似乎不够尊重，把我们WORD文档的页眉页脚，以及文档的使用说明，清除得干干净净；还有的站长，技术水平更高一些，更勤劳一些，把我们的WORD文档转为PDF文档，并且，还给PDF文档加上密，去掉我们的标识及使用说明仍不甘罢休，还英明地加上了自己网站的标识；还有的制作CHM文档的技术水平比较高，给做成了这个格式的文档。如此种种情况，实在让您受累了啊！所以，这次文档发布，只好用PDF格式发布文档了。这下您改文件的特长又可以发挥了啊，改文件的技术水平又可以长足提高了！六年前，本人制作的GMAT四部大全，在全世界流传至今，仍是原封不动的初始版本，可能世界其他国家的站长都不如我们伟大中国的站长水平高，考虑问题周全吧！为什么麦当劳在中国的餐巾纸是限量供应的，而在美国不限量？我想我们自己所处的环境，至少部分是我们自己创造的。您难道要执意为自己创造一个找不到好资源的环境么？难道执意要逼我用图片格式发布下一个版本么？难道我近千小时的辛苦劳动及直接从口袋里拿出的近万元现金投入换不来您慷慨地原样转载么？您难道不知道，篡改别人的作品，是一种什么行为么？不知道这种行为对您网站的形象是一种严重的伤害么？很多热心的网友来向我反映，某某网站篡改你的作品了，这种行为实在无耻，你去找他吧！这些我都没好意思跟您汇报。当然，大部分站长或版主对版权尊重做得很好！我们深表感谢！并向你们致以最崇高的敬意！大家学习网／大家网／大家论坛：阁明俊敬上
Part II	Reading Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning)	(15 minutes)
Directions:	In this part, you will have 15 minutes to go over the passage quickly and answer the questions on Answer Sheet 1. For questions 1-7, choose the best answer from the four choices marked A),B),C) and D). For questions 8-10, complete the sentences with the information given in the passage.
That’s enough, kids
　　　It was a lovely day at the park and Stella Bianchi was enjoying the sunshine with her two children when a young boy, aged about four, approached her two-year-old son and pushed him to the ground.
　　　“I’d watched him for a little while and my son was the fourth or fifth child he’d shoved,” she says. “I went over to them, picked up my son, turned to the boy and said, firmly, ‘No, we don’t push.’” What happened next was unexpected.
　　　“The boy’s mother ran toward me from across the park,” Stella says, “I thought she was coming over to apologise, but behavior was unacceptable. Was I supposed to sit back while her kid did whatever he wanted, hurting other children in the process?”
　　　Getting your own children to play nice is difficult enough. Dealing with other people’s children has become a minefield.
　　　In my house, jumping on the sofa is not allowed. In my sister’s house it’s encouraged. For her, it’s about kids being kids: “If you can’t do it at three, when can you do it?’’
　　　Each of these philosophies is valid and, it has to be said, my son loves visiting his aunt’s house. But I find myself saying “no” a lot when her kids are over at mine. That’s OK between sisters but becomes dangerous territory when you’re talking to the children of friends or acquaintances.
　　　“Kids aren’t all raised the same,” agrees Professor Naomi White of Monash University. “But there’s still an idea that they’re the property of the parents. We see our children as an extension of ourselves, so if you’re saying that my child is behaving inappropriately, then that’s somehow a criticism of me.”
　　　In those circumstances, it’s difficult to know whether to approach the child directly or the parent first. There are two schools of thought.
　　　“I’d go to the child first,” says Andrew Fuller, author of Tricky Kids. “Usually a quiet reminder that ‘we don’t do that here’ is enough. Kids have finely tuned antennae (直觉) for how to behave in different settings.”
　　　He points out that bringing it up with the parent first may make them feel neglectful, which could cause problems. Of course, approaching the child first can bring its own headaches, too.
　　　This is why White recommends that you approach the parents first. “Raise your concerns with the parents if they’re there and ask them to deal with it,” she says.
　　　How to approach a parent in this situation, psychologist Meredith Fuller answers “Explain your needs as well as stressing the importance of the friendship. Preface your remarks with something like: ‘I know you’ll think I’m silly but in my house I don’t want…’”
　　　When it comes to situations where you’re caring for another child, White is straightforward: “Common sense must prevail. If things don’t go well then have a chat.”
　　　There’re a couple of new grey areas. Physical punishment, once accepted from any adult, is no longer appropriate. “Now you can’t do it without feeling uneasy about it,” White says.
　　　Men might also feel uneasy about dealing with other people’s children. “Men feel nervous,” White says. “A new set of considerations has come to the fore as part of the debate about how we handle children.”
　　　For Andrew Fuller, the child-centric nature of our society has affected everyone. “The rules are different now from when today’s parents were growing up,” he says. “Adults are scared of saying, ‘Don’t swear’, or asking a child to stand up on a bus. They’re worried that there will be conflict if they point these things out―either from older children, or their parents.”
　　　He sees it as a loss of the sense of common public good and public courtesy (礼貌), and says that adults suffer from it as much as children.
　　　Meredith Fuller agrees. “A code of conduct is hard to create when you’re living in a world in which everyone is exhausted from overwork and lack of sleep, and a world in which nice people are perceived to finish last.”
　　　“It’s about what I’m doing and what I need,” Andrew Fuller says. “The days when a kid came home from school and said, ‘I got into trouble’, and dad said, ‘You probably deserved it’, are over. Now the parents are charging up to the school to have a go at teachers.”
　　　This jumping to our children’s defence is part of what fuels the “walking on eggshells” feeling that surrounds our dealings with other people’s children. You know that if you remonstrate (劝诫) with the child, you’re going to have to deal with the parent. It’s admirable to be protective of our kids, but is it good?
　　　“Children have to learn to negotiate the world on their own, within reasonable boundaries,” White says. “I suspect that it’s only certain sectors of the population doing the running to the school―better-educated parents are probably more likely to be too involved.”
　　　White believes our notions of a more child-centred society should be challenged. “Today we have a situation where, in many families, both parents work, so the amount of time children get from parents has diminished,” she says.
　　　“Also, sometimes when we talk about being child-centred, it’s way of a talking about treating our children like commodities (商品). We’re centred on them but in ways that reflect positively on us. We treat them as objects whose appearance and achievements are something we can be proud of, rather than serve the best interests of the children.”
　　　One way over-worked, under-resourced parents show commitment to their children is to leap to their defence. Back at the park, Bianchi’s intervention (干预) on her son’s behalf ended in an undignified exchange of insulting words with the other boy’s mother.
　　　As Bianchi approached the park bench where she’d been sitting, other mums came up to her and congratulated her on taking a stand. “Apparently the boy had a longstanding reputation for had behavior and his mum for even worse behavior if he was challenged.”
　　　Andrew Fuller doesn’t believe that we should be afraid of dealing with other people’s kids. “Look at kids that aren’t your own as a potential minefield,” he says. He recommends that we don’t stay silent over inappropriate behavior, particularly with regular visitor.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡1上作答。
1.	What did Stella Bianchi expect the young boy’s mother to do when she talked to him?
A) Make an apology.
B) Come over to intervene.
C) Discipline her own boy.
D) Take her own boy away.
2.	What does the author say about dealing with other people’s children?
A) It’s important not to hurt them in any way.
B) It’s no use trying to stop their wrongdoing.
C) It’s advisable to treat them as one’s own kids.
D) It’s possible for one to get into lots of trouble.
3.	According to Professor Naomi White of Monash University, when one’s kids are criticised, their parents will probably feel 大?家?网.
A) discouraged
B) hurt
C) puzzled
D) overwhelmed
4.	What should one do when seeing other people’s kids misbehave according to Andrew Fuller?
A) Talk to them directly in a mild way.
B) Complain to their parents politely.
C) Simply leave them alone.
D) Punish them lightly.
5.	Due to the child-centric nature of our society, 大?家?网.
A) parents are worried when their kids swear at them
B) people think it improper to criticise kids in public
C) people are reluctant to point out kids’ wrongdoings
D) many conflicts arise between parents and their kids
6.	In a world where everyone is exhausted from overwork and lack of sleep, 大?家?网.
A) it’s easy for people to become impatient
B) it’s difficult to create a code of conduct
C) it’s important to be friendly to everybody
D) it’s hard for people to admire each other
7.	How did people use to respond when their kids got into trouble at school?
A) They’d question the teachers.
B) They’d charge up to the school.
C) They’d tell the kids to calm down.
D) They’d put the blame on their kids.
8.	Professor White believes that the notions of a more child-centred society should be 大?家?网.
9.	According to Professor White, today’s parents treat their children as something the 大?家?网.
10.	Andrew Fuller suggests that, when kids behave inappropriately, people should not 大?家?网.
Part III	Listening Comprehension	(35 minutes)
Section A
Directions:	In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and 2 long conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A), B), C) and D), and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
11.	A) Only true friendship can last long.
B) Letter writing is going out of style.
C) She keeps in regular touch with her classmates.
D) She has lost contact with most of her old friends.
12.	A) A painter.
B) A mechanic.
C) A porter.
D) A carpenter.
13.	A) Look for a place near her office.
B) Find a new job down the street.
C) Make inquires elsewhere.
D) Rent the $600 apartment.
14.	A) He prefers to wear jeans with a larger waist.
B) He has been extremely busy recently.
C) He has gained some weight lately.
D) He enjoyed going shopping with Jane yesterday.
15.	A) The woman possesses a natural talent for art.
B) Women have a better artistic taste than men.
C) He isn’t good at abstract thinking.
D) He doesn’t like abstract paintings.
16.	A) She couldn’t have left her notebook in the library.
B) She may have put her notebook amid the journals.
C) She should have made careful notes while doing reading.
D) She shouldn’t have read his notes without his knowing it.
17.	A) She wants to get some sleep.
B) She needs time to write a paper.
C) She has a literature class to attend.
D) She is troubled by her sleep problem.
18.	A) He is confident he will get the job.
B) His chance of getting the job is slim.
C) It isn’t easy to find a qualified sales manager.
D) The interview didn’t go as well as he expected.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
19.	A) He can manage his time more flexibly.
B) He can renew contact with his old friends.
C) He can concentrate on his own projects.
D) He can learn to do administrative work.
20.	A) Reading its ads in the newspapers.
B) Calling its personnel department.
C) Contacting its manager.
D) Searching its website.
21.	A) To cut down its production expenses.
B) To solve the problem of staff shortage.
C) To improve its administrative efficiency.
D) To utilize its retired employees’ resources.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
22.	A) Buy a tractor.
B) Fix a house.
C) See a piece of property.
D) Sign a business contract.
23.	A) It is only forty miles from where they live.
B) It is a small one with a two-bedroom house.
C) It was bought at a price lower than expected.
D) It has a large garden with fresh vegetables.
24.	A) Growing potatoes will involve less labor.
B) Its soil may not be very suitable for corn.
C) It may not be big enough for raising corn.
D) Raising potatoes will be more profitable.
25.	A) Finances.
B) Labor.
C) Equipment.
D) Profits.
Section B
Directions:	In this section, you will hear 3 short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
Passage One
Questions 26 to 29 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
26.	A) To introduce the chief of the city’s police force.
B) To comment on a talk by a distinguished guest.
C) To address the issue of community security.
D) To explain the functions of the city council.
27.	A) He has distinguished himself in city management.
B) He is head of the International Police Force.
C) He completed his higher education abroad.
D) He holds a master’s degree in criminology.
28.	A) To coordinate work among police departments.
B) To get police officers closer to the local people.
C) To help the residents in times of emergency.
D) To enable the police to take prompt action.
29.	A) Popular.
B) Discouraging.
C) Effective.
D) Controversial.
Passage Two
Questions 30 to 32 are based on the passage you have just heard.
30.	A) People differ greatly in their ability to communicate.
B) There are numerous languages in existence.
C) Most public languages are inherently vague.
D) Big gaps exist between private and public languages.
31.	A) It is a sign of human intelligence.
B) It improves with constant practice.
C) It is something we are born with.
D) It varies from person to person.
32.	A) How private languages are developed.
B) How different languages are related.
C) How people create their languages.
D) How children learn to use language.
Passage Three
Questions 33 to 35 are based on the passage you have just heard.
33.	A) She was a tailor.
B) She was an engineer.
C) She was an educator.
D) She was a public speaker.
34.	A) Basing them on science-fiction movies.
B) Including interesting examples in them.
C) Adjusting them to different audiences.
D) Focusing on the latest progress in space science.
35.	A) Whether spacemen carry weapons.
B) How spacesuits protect spacemen.
C) How NASA trains its spacemen.
D) What spacemen eat and drink.
Section C
Directions:	In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks numbered from 36 to 43 with the exact words you have just heard. For blanks numbered from 44 to 46 you are required to fill in the missing information. For these blanks, you can either use the exact words you have just heard or write down the main points in your own words. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　　Crime is increasing worldwide. There is every reason to believe the (36) 大?家?网will continue through the next few decades.
　　　Crime rates have always been high in multicultural, industrialized societies such as the United States, but a new (37) 大?家?网has appeared on the world (38) 大?家?网―rapidly rising crime rates in nations that previously reported few (39) 大?家?网. Street crimes such as robbery, rape, (40) 大?家?网, and auto theft are clearly rising, (41) 大?家?网in eastern European countries such as Hungary and in western European nations such as the United Kingdom.
　　　What is driving this crime (42) 大?家?网? There are no simple answers. Still, there are certain conditions (43) 大?家?网with rising crime: increasing heterogeneity (混杂) of populations, greater cultural pluralism, higher immigration, democratization of governments, (44) 大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家.
　　　These conditions are increasingly observable around the world. For instance, cultures that were previously isolated and homogeneous (同种类的) ,such as Japan, Denmark, and Greece, (45) 大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家.
　　　Multiculturalism can be a rewarding, enriching experience, but it can also lead to a clash of values. Heterogeneity in societies will be the rule in the twenty-first century, and (46) 大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家.
Part IV	Reading Comprehension (Reading in Depth)	(25 minutes)
Section A
Directions:	In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Questions 47 to 56 are based on the following passage.
　　　A bookless life is an incomplete life. Books influence the depth and breadth of life. They meet the natural 